You're too crazy to say that
Kitten, why are you here? You still have the face to say
If you hadn't lifted the frame wantonly
How could we spend 1 billion signing talented women
Xiaofang, I think he did it on purpose.
Du Chen, you are also a member of the Du family
How could you do such a thing?
Mom, I just accepted Xinghui Entertainment.
You helped him create Xingyao Media
Are you the one who doesn't consider me a member of the Du family?
Your brother founded Starshine Media
It's to make you see reality
Besides, managing companies is not your strong suit
You'd better return the company to your brother as soon as possible
What do you want me to say?
You are still an honest female pet at home
How nice that you're going to marry your neighbor anyway
Du Chen, we are all for your own good.
Why don't you listen to advice?
I can make hundreds of millions by buying any stock
The management company is making more money every day
Not to mention
I now own more than half of the vacation's assets
You let me return
I'm afraid my brain is sick
Du Chen, don't put gold on your face
If it weren't for Lin Jia helping you behind your back
You are a piece of crap
Oh, I remember now.
Even the plan to sign the talent and beauty
It's also your neighbor who instructs you behind your back
What is your neighbor?
Also instruct me
Don't pretend to be garlic, you have no resources and no background
Manage the company by yourself
It must be hard work, right?
I also heard
In order to sign a small live streaming host of the Qin family
Go to great lengths to please the Qin family
It made people laugh out loud when it got out.
The little live streaming host you mentioned
Could it be him?
80 million a week.
How is that possible?